Here are four pieces of news from China Daily.SHANGHAI-The Huachen Group, which has put 83 million yuan in the development of the e-commerce market since its official registration late last year, recently held a meeting in Shanghai to show the use of its newly opened tourism business payment network. The network aims to serve tourists from all over the world, but especially from Europe and the United States where credit cards are popularly used. After opening the www.chinaecnet.com website, netizens can get information about hotels and tourism services on tourism page. Hotels and services can be reserved and payments made through credit cards. The network opened in February in Beijing.
SHANGHAI-The Huachen Group, which has put 83 million yuan in the development of the e-commerce market since its official registration late last year, recently held a meeting in Shanghai to show the use of its newly opened tourism business payment network. The network aims to serve tourists from all over the world, but especially from Europe and the United States where credit cards are popularly used. After opening the www.chinaecnet.com website, netizens can get information about hotels and tourism services on tourism page. Hotels and services can be reserved and payments made through credit cards. The network opened in February in Beijing.

모모SYDNEY-The Sydney Olympic flame will travel underwater on Australia몵s Great Barrier Reef during the torch relay following a successful test.

모모Scuba diver Wendy Craig, a marine biologist, will carry the torch on a three-to-four-minute underwater journey at Agincourt Reef on June 27, creating Olympic history, organizers said yesterday.

모모Burning at 2000 degrees, the torch is expected to remain alight three metres underwater because of a special kind of technology which creates a Dfierce flame몳 -too powerful to be drowned out by water. Charles Tegner, managing director of torch creator, said the flame would burn like a flare from oxygen-producing chemicals.

모모

모모